[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna squirm in our skin as we
come to terms with our new master
television in David Cronenberg's
Videodrome let's get to it we open on a
local cable station with a very
personalized and specific wake-up call
for max Renn president of the channel
and our main character he wakes up grabs
a quick and healthy breakfast and heads
to his morning appointment a meeting in
a dilapidated motel with some shady
businessman peddling smut for his
channel his partners love the idea of
expanding their audience with samurai
Dreams but max feels it's too soft from
the boardroom to the broadcast room we
find there technician Harlan working to
track down an elusive signal it's
stabilized briefly revealing what
appears to be a good old-fashioned snuff
film right in Max's wheelhouse he then
jets off to an interview where his
business model involves fulfilling the
audience's basest desires in order to
compete as a small station
Nicky brand his peer doesn't think this
is healthy and again to a side
conversation while Professor oblivion
talks about avatars and fake names
basically predicting the entire future
of social media in 1983 later Harlan has
been able to lock in on the feed for
Videodrome
confirming the programming schedule
consists of torture and depravity with
no plot lines to carry it through and it
originates from Pittsburgh max takes a
tape home which Nikki later selects for
viewing the images turn her on
compelling her to try a few things like
erotic ear piercing into hematology
gross why are people always licking
blood
the next morning max meets with mash at
one of his business connections who
offers him up some more lame softcore
garbage he instead solicits her help in
tracking down Videodrome that evening
Nikki reveals she's traveling to
Pittsburgh for assignment and it tends
to look into auditioning for Videodrome
which he's not happy about at lunch the
next day Masha warns max away from his
search having learned that Videodrome is
not acting the torture is real and it's
broader purpose delves into some pretty
serious stuff
however he insists on learning what she
knows which leads him back to Professor
oblivion he seeks him out in a TV themed
mission where everyone gets the gift of
a private viewing booth for video
consumption max finds Oblivion's
daughter who reveals the professor
doesn't have conversations he only
communicates via video monologue so max
drops the word Videodrome and heads out
as he works his way deeper max decides
he may need some protection so he
unwraps the gun he picked up at the deli
right before his assistant shows up and
he finds himself hallucinating she has
the tape from oblivion and it seems to
be a strange format he pops it in
Monologues to him about how TV now
represents the new reality and normal
life represents a sub reality and then
things get really weird as he's summoned
toward the now bulging veiny television
and he complies with its requests he
returns to the mission and is informed
the Videodrome signal induces a brain
tumor that causes hallucinations
oblivion was killed by those who would
want to use the signal to gain power and
he now lives on in the form of
pre-recorded tapes of sufficient variety
to allow him to feign live appearances
she gives him some educational viewing
and sends him on his way while he bones
up on this he gets an innocent little
belly itch which turns into a full-on
tummy vag in which he deposits his
firearm he then gets a call that there's
a car awaiting him downstairs it takes
him to mr. convex one of the parties
involved in trying to control Videodrome
he states they want to record his
hallucinations for analysis to try to
help him he agrees in his session kicks
off with a vision of Nicky who becomes
manifest in a television on the set of
Videodrome he tries his best to get some
better reception then wakes up next to a
bound and deceased mashup max calls
Harlan over to observe and record the
details of his reality but he finds the
bed empty hey problem solved
now reeling out of control he insists on
meeting Harlan at the lab to review the
most recent tape assuming it will show
his exploits
however Harlan reveals there was no
broadcast to record and actually never
has been he's been in cahoots and has
only been showing max tapes without
watching himself which is why he hasn't
been susceptible to hallucinations the
group he works with wants to end the
societal rot by broadcasting Videodrome
for the first time to the lethargic
perverts who watched channel 83 max
attempts to storm off with indignance
but has offered a pulsating parting gift
and Barry gets a little rapey walking up
to me shoving the tape into his belly
cavity which instructs him to kill his
partners and turn over his channel to
the Videodrome group he then
hallucinates his body telling him he has
no choice but the sword and he ends up
in his office where he crashes meeting
with his partners they ask his opinion
on a subject and he provides it with
extreme prejudice
he holds himself as though injured and
is able to then escape in the confusion
as the tape continues to provide
instruction he's told to kill Bianca
oblivion adept at identifying their
methods she sees through his programming
immediately she's able to slip away and
snap him out of his hypnotic state by
revealing that Nikki was killed by video
drum the TV then shoots him and as we
all know by the rules of hallucination
when your hallucination kills you you're
free of it his new mission is to use the
tools of Videodrome to destroy
Videodrome he follows Harlan to a back
room and discovers that convex is at a
convention
Harlen then tries to give max some new
instructions plunging his hand deeply
into his front butt but he pulls out a
bloody stump and then explodes max goes
to the tradeshow a swanky affair and
cuts off Barry's presentation dropping
the mic and walking out as Barry
succumbs to his bullet wounds in an
unusual manner max then finds a
decommissioned tugboat where he has a
vision of Nicky she tells him the only
way to fully defeat Videodrome is to
transform into the new flesh and she
shows him how to do it and then he
doesn't
and that was Videodrome a classic tale
of the American Dream if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching